I am successful.
I am confident.
I am powerful.
I am strong.
I am getting better and better every day.
All I need is within me right now.
I wake up motivated.
I am an unstoppable force of nature.
I am a living, breathing example of motivation.
I am living with abundance.
I am having a positive and inspiring impact on the people I come into contact with.
I am inspiring people through my work.
I’m rising above the thoughts that are trying to make me angry or afraid.
Today is a phenomenal day.
I am turning DOWN the volume of negativity in my life, while simultaneously turning UP the volume of positivity.
I am filled with focus.
I am not pushed by my problems; I am led by my dreams.
I am grateful for everything I have in my life.
I am independent and self-sufficient.
I can be whatever I want to be.
I am not defined my by past; I am driven by my future.
I use obstacles to motivate me to learn and grow.
Today will be a productive day.
I am intelligent and focused.
I feel more grateful each day.
I am getting healthier every day.
Each and every day, I am getting closer to achieving my goals.
Through the power of my thoughts and words, incredible transformations are happening in me and within my life right now.
I am constantly growing and evolving into a better person.
I’m freeing myself from all destructive doubt and fear.
I accept myself for who I am and create peace, power and confidence of mind and of heart.
I am going to forgive myself and free myself. I deserve to forgive and be forgiven.
I am healing and strengthening every day.
I’ve made it through hard times before, and I’ve come out stronger and better because of them. I’m going to make it through this.
I do not waste away a single day of my life. I squeeze every ounce of value out of each of my days on this planet—today, tomorrow, and everyday.
I must remember the incredible power I possess within me to achieve anything I desire.
I do not engage with people who try to penetrate my mind with unhelpful thoughts and ideas—I walk away when a person or a situation isn’t healthy for me.
I belong in this world; there are people that care about me and my worth.
My past might be ugly, but I am still beautiful.
I have made mistakes, but I will not let them define me.
My soul radiates from the inside and warms the souls of others.
I don’t compare myself to others. The only person I compare myself to is the person I was yesterday. And as long as the person I am today is even the tiniest bit better than the person I was yesterday—I’m meeting my own definition of success.
Note to self: I am going to make you so proud.
I finish what matters and let go of what does not.
I feed my spirit. I train my body. I focus my mind. This is my time.
My life has meaning. What I do has meaning. My actions are meaningful and inspiring.
What I have done today was the best I was able to do today. And for that, I am thankful.
One small positive thought in the morning can change my whole day. So, today I rise with a powerful thought to set the tone and allow success to reverberate through every moment of my day.
I set goals and go after them with all the determination I can muster. When I do this, my own skills and talents will take me to places that amaze me.
Happiness is a choice, and today I choose to be happy.